Your API is fast in dev. In production, under real load — is it?
Staff-only, secured behind Django admin auth.
One dashboard: P99 latency, error rate, DB queries, and scale signals.
Drill into any request — headers and body, redacted and capped, opt-in only.
api/diagnostics/nplusone/ — 76 queries per request, 68% of total DB time.
One click on the offender → straight to root-cause correlation for it.
CPU, RAM, Redis, Postgres — every tier, hover for the exact percentage.
WebSocket lifecycle and raw event logs, same level of detail.
Generate a bottleneck report — ranked P1/P2/P3 findings.
Rendered PDF, ready to download.
Downloaded.
django-perfy — pip install "django-perfy[reports]"